in this video I will show you how to do
an underarm wax using warm accent
techniques before you start apply these
possible gloves as this area is prone to
spotting when the hair is removed check
the client does not suffer from any
Content occasions or special care
requirements this client has none so
we're good to go
apply pre wax lotion or cotton pad
sprinkle on talc powder to keep the area
dry do this on both underarms
please a spatula into the wax pot scrape
off any wax residue from one side and
the edges on the spatula when removing
from the pot continuously twisting to
avoid the rock dripping off
test the wax on yourself by applying a
small amount to the rest area ensuring
it is a suitable working temperature
also test temperature on your clients
wrist and seek approval place the
spatula onto the skin covering the hair
and 90 degree angle and glide along in
the direction of the hair growth
ensuring a thin and even application do
not spread the wax once applied as it
may drive on the skin ask your client to
pull their skin taut at the bottom of
the underarm apply your strip onto the
waxed area smoothing with pressure in
the direction of the hair keep the skin
taut at the top of the underarm
stretching the skin to avoid any filling
rip the end of the strip and quickly and
finally remove it against the direction
of the hair
maintain a horizontal idle event braking
here
apply after whack solution to the entire
area immediately
cool and soothe the skin this will also
remove any white residue left on the
skin continue the same procedure on the
other underarm
check the direction of the hair growth
using a disposable brush this clients
hair is all growing in an upwards
direction this will vary client decline
and can be growing in multiple
directions
this clients hair is very fine and light
so you might not be able to see it on
camera
each client on the run here will vary in
the area covers and maybe darker thicker
and coarser if there is any wax residue
take your strength and place on to the
area under moon do not wax over the same
area more than once as
and fall to bruising and swelling
tweezers can be used to remove shorter
stubborn hairs show your claims and
finish result and under and wax should
last up to four to six weeks advise your
client of the aftercare advice which I
will add in the description box below
thanks for watching and see you next
time